h2. Property Lists Parser for Python

This is a Python parser class for Apple's "Property Lists":http://developer.apple.com/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/PropertyLists/ XML.

A Property Lists is a data representation used in Apple's Mac OS X as a convenient way to store standard object types, such as string, number, boolean, and container objects (dictionary and array). Either datetime and binary data are also supported.


h3. Quick start

You can run self-contained test, and parse any property list by running @plist_parser.py@. For example, parsing iTunes Liberary on your mac:
<pre><code>
% python ./plist_parser.py ~/"Music/iTunes/iTunes Music Library.xml"
</code></pre>


h3. Usage

This project provides only one class @XmlPropertyListParser@ in one file @plist_parser.py@. You can use this class by importing, or copy and paste on your code (Feel free to do it).

To parse a property list xml. First, instantiates @XmlPropertyListParser@:

<pre><code>
>>> parser = XmlPropertyListParser()
</code></pre>

Second, invoke @parse@ method with XML contents or file-like object.

<pre><code>
>>> parser.parse("""
&lt;plist version=&quot;1.0&quot;&gt;
  &lt;dict&gt;
    &lt;key&gt;Python&lt;/key&gt;
    &lt;string&gt;.py&lt;/string&gt;
  &lt;/dict&gt;
&lt;/plist&gt;
""")
{u'Python': u'.py'}
</code></pre>

or

<pre><code>
stream = open(...)
try:
  plist = parser.parse(stream)
finally:
  stream.close()
</code></pre>


h3. Requirement

You need no third-party library other than **Python 2.4** or higher.


h3. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2008 **Takanori Ishikawa** "&lt;takanori.ishikawa&#64;gmail.com&gt;":mailto:takanori.ishikawa@gmail.com, All rights reserved.


h3. License

The MIT license. See the "@LICENSE@":http://github.com/ishikawa/pygments-applescript-lexer/tree/master/LICENSE file for more details.
